# Jesus On Trial - The Sanhedrin and Peter

They led Jesus along with a gaggle of Guards.
Due process and justice were not in the cards. 
It was early and dark on those paving stone streets.
The chief priests and the scribes rush to hastily meet.
The high Priest lay in wait to see Jesus arrive.
Joseph Ben Caiaphas was High Priest to preside
Over proving of fault to put Jesus to death
Through their huffing and puffing of lies with each breath.

Peter’s heart was a storm raging fierce on the ocean.
Tossed about like a boat between dread and devotion.
The other disciple followed close to the Priest.
He helped Peter get into the yard, at the least.
Peter followed intently but just from afar
Keeping warm at a fire while the coals simply char.

The high priest questioned Jesus on what he had taught.
Thinking here'd be the proving of guilt that he sought.
"When I taught, it was public and open to view,
in the temple and synagogues, open to you.  
My disciples can speak for themselves if you ask."
Replied Jesus, with putting the priest to the task.

Then a SMACK echoed loud as a guard slaps his face
"Is that how you answer the priest in this place?"
Quips the guard.  Jesus questions this out of place move
"If there's evil I've spoken then show it and prove.
"If no evil is proven then why was I pummeled?"
For the moment the guards give him no further trouble.

A person nearby noticed Peter around.
"Weren't you with this Jesus out there in the town?"
"I know not what you mean, nor do I know the man"
Peter slinks away, quick, finding elsewhere to stand. 

Then another assistant continues insisting:
"Jesus from Nazareth, I am sure you're with him."
Peter swore he had zero connection with Jesus.
But this gave the bystanders just that much more reason

So they pressed once again, Peter caught in a bind.
While Peter began raising His voice a third time
A familiar sound sends a chill down his spine: 
"Cock-a-doo!" goes the rooster. It fries Peter's nerves.  
He begins to remember as memories surge. 
Jesus said this would happen with words crystal clear.
So Peter breaks down crying the most bitter of tears. 

At that time they attempt to find Jesus at fault.
They bring witnesses droning their falseness assaults.
One came forth and he said that "We heard this man's phrase:
I'll destroy this here temple that man's hands have made,
And build again, without hands, raised in three days"
But with this nothing sticks so they switch up their aim.
His own words should provide solid proof of their claims.

The high priest was now mad. “Have you nothing to say?
About all of the claims brought against you this day? 
What is this testimony the people surmise?”
But his silence was louder than all of their lies.

"Tell us plain, do you claim to be Son of the Blessed?
Are you Christ, the messiah, as scripture professes?”
"You have said it." Replies Jesus, matching his gaze. 
"But I say unto you all that after these days
You will see Son of Man seated right next to Power
To return on the clouds at a surprising hour."
 
The high priest was enraged by this bold choice of words.
He tears at his robes for the sounds he just heard. 
"He speaks blasphemy!" Gaspingly, says the high priest.
"Do we still need these witnesses? What do you think?"
The council agreed: "He is Worthy of Death"
Then they spat in his face, to his fate he is left.
They blindfolded him, mocked him and struck him with blows. 
Saying "Prophesy Christ, who swung?  Surely thou knows?"


